1. Fill in the blanks.
  a) Programming
  b) analyse
  c) computational
  d) selection, iteration
  e) algorism
  
2. Choose the correct answer.
  a) i) step by step problem-solvingg process
  b) ii) program
  c) i) algorithm
  d) iv) all of these
  e) iii) diagrammatic
  
3. State true or false.
  a) T
  b) F
  c) T
  d) T
  e) T
  
4. Answer the following questions in brief.
  a) What is a programmer's general problem-solving technique?
 Ans: Programmers persue the following problem-solving techniques:
        1) Analyze the problem
        2) Outline the problem requirement
        3) Design the steps to solve the problem
  b) What is an algorithm?
 Ans: An Algorithm is a well defined computational procedure 
 consisting of a set of instructions that takes some value or a 
 set of values as input and produces some value or a set of values 
 as output.
  c) What is a flowchart?
 Ans: Flowchart is a diagrammatic representation of an algorithm. 
 In a flowchart, the various steps of the algorithm are shown in 
 different kinds of boxes that are connected by arrows. The arrows 
 show the flow of the program control.
 
5. Answer the following questions in detail.
  a) What do you mean by a selection statement or construct?
 Ans: A selection statement allows programmers to ask questions and 
 then, based on the result, perform different actions. Selection 
 constructs can be nested, that is, the result of one question helps 
 to decide whether to ask the next question.
  b) How do you analyse a problem?
 Ans: To analyse a problem:
        1) Thoroughly understand the problem
        2) Understand the problem requirement
        3) Does the program require input from the user?
        4) Does the program use the data to perform any computation?
        5) What is the output?
        6) If the problem is complex, divide it into smaller parts 
        or sub-problems
        7) Analyze each sub-problems.
  c) What are the different types of instructions found in an algorithm?
 Ans: An algorithm consists instructions for input, iteration,selection 
 and output.
        1) Input statement is used to obtain data from the user.
        2) Selection statement allows programmers to ask questions and 
        then based on the result perform different actions.
        3) Iteration statements are used when the same instructions have 
        to be repeated several times.
        4) Output statements display the computed output. 
  d) How is a program related to an algorithm?
 Ans: A computer program is a specific sequence of instructions in a 
 specific programming language. A program may contain the implementation 
 of many algorithms. An algorithm is a self-contained step-by-step set of 
 operations to be performed to solve a specific problem or a class of problems. 
 Algorithms can not be executed by an computer.
 
