1. Fill in the blanks.
  a) BIOS
  b) Interface, Software, Intermediary
  c) Toolbar
  d) Device drivers
  e) Graphical User Interface
2. Choose the correct answers.
  a) ii) Device drivers
  b) iii) Graphics and text
  c) iii) Disk management
  d) i) Computer program
  e) iii) Windows
3. State true or false
  a) T
  b) T
  c) F
  d) T
  e) F
4. Answer the following questions in brief.
  a) Where is the operating system stored?
Ans: The operating system is stored on hard disk.
  b) State the basic responsibilities of the operating system.
Ans: The basic responsibilities of the operating system are:
      1) Creating an interface between the hardware and the user
      2) controlling and managing computer hardware and software 
         resources
      3) recognizing input from the keyboard
      4) controlling all peripheral devices
  c) What is disk management?
Ans: disk management controls the usage of the drives installed in 
     a computer, such as hard drive, optical disk drive, flash drive 
     etc.
  d) Name two operating systems for mobile devices.
Ans: two operating systems for mobile devices are:
      1) Android
      2) iOS
  e) How can you add new hardware or software to a computer?
Ans: To add a new hardware to a computer the device driver of that 
     hardware must be installed in the computer. To add a new 
     software the the software needs to be installed on the computer.
5. Answer the following questions in detail.
  a) What is process management?
Ans: Process is a program in execution. The operating system assigns 
     the processes given by the user to the processor and controls 
     the order of execution.
  b) What are the main functions of an operating system?
Ans: the main functions of an operating system are:-
      1) Starting the computer
      2) Process management
      3) Hardware resource management
      4) Software resource management
      5) Managing files and folders
      6) Memory management
  c) What is a GUI operating system?
Ans: A GUI lets us use your mouse to click on icons, buttons and 
     menus and everything is clearly displayed on the screen using 
     a combination of graphics and text. 
  d) What is the taskbar?
Ans: the taskbar is a bar at the edge of the display of a graphical 
     user interface that allows quick access to current or favourite 
     applications.
  e) Write a short note on real-time operating system.
Ans: Real time OS responds to input instantly. It is a multitasking 
     OS designed for real time applications. It is designed to handle 
     events as they occur. The real time OS or RTOS is used in robotics, 
     complex animation systems, communication etc.
