1. Fill in the blanks.
  a) encryption
  b) password
  c) malware
  d) spyware
  e) trojan
2. Choose the correct answer.
  a) iii) password
  b) iii) data encryption
  c) i) macro
  d) i) trojan
  e) ii) worm
3. State true or false.
  a) F
  b) F
  c) T
  d) T
  e) T
4. Answer the following questions in brief.
  a) Name any three common types of malware.
 Ans: Three common types of malware are worms, trojans and bots.
  b) What do computer viruses do?
 Ans: A computer virus is a program, which disturbs other programs to 
 work in their designated way.
  c) State one difference and one similarity between viruses and worms.
 Ans: Computer worms are similar to viruses in the way they replicate 
 functional copies of themselves.
      In contrast to viruses, which require the spread of an infected 
      host file, worms are stand-alone software and do not need a host 
      program or human help to spread.
  d) How does Trojan spread?
 Ans: Trojans are a piece of software that looks legitimate and users 
 are tricked intoopening and executing it ontheir system. After it is 
 activated, it can achieve any number of attacks on the host.
  e) What is spyware?
 Ans: Spyware is a software that aids in gathering information about a 
 person or organization without their knowledge.
5. Answer the following questions in detail.
  a) How does a virus spread?
 Ans: A computer virus is often loaded onto your computer without your 
 knowledge and runs against your wishes. When it is executed, it replicates 
 by duplicating itself into other programs, data files or folders or hard 
 drives.
  b) How can you protect your PC from worms?
 Ans: To protect our PC from worms we should install an anti-virus program 
 and scan our system periodically. This helps in keeping our system clean 
 from worms.
  c) What are exploits and backdoors?
 Ans: An exploit is a software , a command or a methodology, that attacks a 
 particular security weakness.
      Backdoor is an undocumented way of accessing a system, by passing the 
      normal authentication mechanisms. Some backdoors are placed in the 
      software by the original programmer and others may be placed on systems 
      through a virus or worm.
  d) What does spyware do?
 Ans: Spyware is a software that aids in gathering information about a person 
 or organization without their knowledge. It may also send the gathered 
 information to others without the person's consent, or may assert control 
 over a computer without the person's knowledge.
  e) How can you protect your computer against virus and worm attacks?
 Ans: Following measures can protect our computer against virus and worm attacks:
        i) Install an antivirus program.
        ii) Install an anti spyware program.
        iii) Always keep the anti-virus/anti-spyware programs updated.
        iv) Run scans occasionally.
        v) Enable a firewall.
        vi) Be careful with USB drives used in public computers.
        vii) Keep backup of important information.
        viii) Caution while browsing online.
        ix) Scan downloaded files.
        x) Be careful while dealing with e-mails.
