1. Fill in the blanks.
  a) Internet.
  b) Phishing.
  c) Spyware
  d) Piracy
  e) A Hacker is a person who uses a weakness in computer security for personal financial gain. (hacker is the answer. Typing mistake on book)
  
2. Choose the correct answer.
  a) iii) WIPO
  b) ii) Phishing
  c) i) Spyware
  d) iii) Firewall
  e) i) White hat hacker
  
3. State true or false.
  a) T
  b) F
  c) T
  d) F
  e) T
  
4. Answer the following questions in brief.
  a) What do you mean by internet privacy?
 Ans: Internet privacy refers to the personal privacy that we are entitled to when 
 we display, store or provide information regarding ourselves on the Internet.
  b) What is cyber crime?
 Ans: Cybercrime is defined as a crime where a computer is the object of the crime 
 or is used as a tool to commit an offence.
  c) State two preventive measures to minimize internet privacy violation risks.
 Ans: Two preventive measures to minimize internet privacy violation risks are:
        i) Avoid exposing personal data on websites with low security levels.
        ii) Always use strong passwords consisting of letters, numbers and special 
        characters.
  d) State one difference between a white hat hacker and a black hat hacker.
 Ans: Some hackers are criminals who use their computer skills to harm or damage 
 computer systems. These people are called black hat hackers. On the other hand some 
 hackers use their computer skill to make computer system more secure to prevent 
 damage from attacks. Those people are white hat hackers.
  e) What is Phishing?
 Ans: Phishing is the attempt to acquire sensitive information such as usernames, 
 passwords and credit card details, from internet users.
 
5. Answer the following questions in detail.
  a) Discuss internet privacy risks.
 Ans: Internet privacy risks include:
        i) Phishing: an internet hacking activity used to steal user data.
        ii) Pharming: an internet hacking activity used to redirect a legitimate 
        website visitor to a different IP address.
        iii) Spyware: an application that obtains data without the user's consent.
        iv) Malware: an application used to illegally harm online and offline users.
  b) Discuss any three activities that fall under cyber crime.
 Ans: Three activities that fall under cyber crime are:
        i) Sending harmful emails to a person.
        ii) Distributing fake information about a person.
        iii) Posting and distributing fake images of a person.
  c) State at least three ways to protect your computer from cyber crime.
 Ans: Three ways to protect your computer from cyber crime are:
        i) Not to respond to cyber bullying.
        ii) Never open e_mails recieved from unknown senders.
        iii) Keep your password secret.
