1. Fill in the blanks.
  a) Ted Hoff
  b) Microprocessor
  c) 5th Generation
  d) Embedded System
  e) UNIVAC 1 and ENIAC
  
2. State true or false.
  a) F
  b) F
  c) T
  d) F
  e) T
  
3. Choose the correct answer.
  a) iii) IBM4300
  b) i) Ted Hoff
  c) iv) MTSO
  d) ii) Magnavox Odyssey
  e) iv) Video Game
  
4. Answer the following questions in brief.
  a) Name two fields of application of Supercomputers.
Ans: Application of Supercomputers include understanding human speech and 
  making computer able to think logically like humans.

  b) What are the different types of computers according to their size and working capacity?
Ans: There are four types of computers according to their size and working 
  capacity:
      1) Supercomputers
      2) Mainframes
      3) Minicomputers
      4) Microcomputers
      
  c) Write down the full forms of ESN, MIN and SID.
Ans: ESN -> Electronic Serial Number
     MIN -> Mobile Identification Number
     SID -> System Identification Code
     
  d) What are the important features of a smartphone?
Ans: The following are some of the key features of a smartphone:
      1) Internet connectivity.
      2) Embedded memory.
      3) QWERTY keyboard.
      4) Wifi.
      
  e) Name two handheld videogame machines.
Ans: Two handheld videogame machines are Nintendo Switch and PlayStation Vita.
5. Answer the following questions in detail.
  a) State the common features of a mobile phone.
Ans: The common features of a mobile phone are:
      1) A Camera
      2) Battery
      3) Wifi
      4) Operating System
      5) Bluetooth
      6) GPS
      
  b) What do you understand by a Workstation?
Ans: A workstation is a special computer designed for technical or 
  scientific applications. These are intended primarily to be used 
  by one person at a time, they are commonly connected to a local 
  area network and run multi-user operating systems.

  c) Compare analog, digital and hybrid computers.
Ans: Analog computers are used to process analog data. Analog data is 
  the data that is continuous and has infinite variety of values such 
  as temparature, pressure, speed, weight, voltage and depth.
     A digital computer, as the name implies, works with digits to 
  represent numerals, letters and special symbols. Digital computers 
  process information which is based on the presence or the absence of 
  an electrical charge. This presence or absence of electrical charge 
  is represented by numbers 1 and 0.
     Hybrid computers are a combination of digital and analog computers. 
  Hybrid computers are used mainly in specialized applications where both 
  kinds of data need to be processed.
     
  d) What are the different translator software?
Ans: The different translator softwares are:
      1) Assembler: It converts assembly code into machine code.
      2) Interpreter: It converts high level language into machine code one line at a time.
      3) Compiler: It converts a high level language into machine code all at once.
   
  e) State three features of an embedded system.
Ans: Three features of an embedded system:-
      1) All Embedded Systems are task specific.
      2) Embedded systems are created to perform the task within a certain time frame.
      3) They have minimal or no user interface (UI).
