1. Fill in the blanks.
  a) Operating System
  b) Restore
  c) Graphical User
  d) Toolbar
  e) wildcard
  
2. Choose the correct answer.
  a) iv) operating system
  b) i) winodws desktop
  c) iii) psd
  d) ii) prn
  e) ii) drive
  
3. State true or false.
  a) T
  b) F
  c) T
  d) F
  e) T
  
4. Answer the following questions in brief.
  a) Name three file extensions for image files.
Ans: Three file extensions for image files are png, jpg and gif.

  b) State one function of operating system.
Ans: Operating system as as an interpreter between the user and 
applications with the computer Hardware.
      
  c) What is the default name of a newly created folder?
Ans: The default name of a newly created folder is New Folder.
     
  d) Name two wildcard characters.
Ans: Two wildcard characters are asterisk (*) and question mark (?).
      
  e) State one difference between a file and a folder.
Ans: Files are the place where information is stored in the 
computer where as folder are the area where files are stored.

5. Answer the following questions in detail.
  a) How can you move a file from one folder to another?
Ans: To move a file from one folder to another we follow the steps:
      1) Double click the Computer icon and open the required drive and folder.
      2) Right click on the file to move. A short menu appears. Click on Cut.
      3) Go to the folder where you want to move the selected file.
      4) Right click in the destination folder.
      5) Click on Paste 

  b) How can you remove a folder permanently?
Ans: To remove a folder permanently we follow the steps:
      1) Double click the Computer icon and open the required drive and folder.
      2) Right click on the folder to delete. A short menu appears. Click on Delete.
      3) The folder will be moved to Recycle bin. Open the Recycle bin.
      4) Right click on the folder and click Delete.
      5) The folder will be permanently deleted.
      
  c) What is the role of Windows Explorer?
Ans: Windows Explorer helps in navigating through the various drives and 
folders of a computer. It helps in organizing and viewing the contents of 
the computer.
     
  d) Explain the use of asterisk (*) in searching a file?
Ans: The asterisk (*) can represent one or more characters. Suppose if you 
are searching for an audio file. But you have forgotten the name of the file 
and remember only the extension mp3. Then you can search the file using 
asterisk (*) in place of the base filename. Then the computer will show all 
files with the extension mp3.
   
