1. Fill in the blanks.
  a) Mail merge
  b) Data file
  c) Mailings tab
2. Choose the correct answer.
  a) iv) Type new list
  b) iii) MS access database
  c) iv) preview results
3. State true or false.
  a) T
  b) F
  c) T
4. Answer the following questions in brief.
  a) What is mailmerge?
 Ans: The Mail Merge feature in MS word helps us to prepare many copies of a 
 letter addressed to different persons with different addresses as well as 
 including other dissimilar information.
  b) Name the components of mailmerge.
 Ans: There are two components of mail merge:
        i) The Document
        ii) Data file
  c) How do you start the procedure of mail merge?
 Ans: To start the procedure for mail merge :
        i) click on start mail merge under Mailings tab. click step by step 
        mail merge wizard.
        ii) from there follow the instructions and create the document and 
        the recipients list.
5. Answer the following questions in detail.
  a) Write the steps for preparing the list of recipients of a letter using 
  wizard.
 Ans: The steps for preparing the list of recipients of a letter using wizard 
 are:
        i) Click on type a new list and Create to create the list of the 
        recipients.
        ii) A dialog box New Address List appears. fill up the information 
        about the recipients.
        iii) Click Customizing Columns to add a new column.
        iv) after entering all information click ok. the save address list 
        dialog box will appear. type a name and save.
        v) the list of recip[ients will be shown in Mail Merge Recipients 
        dialog box.
  b) Write the steps for adding the details of recipients in the letter.
 Ans: The steps for adding the details of recipients in the letter are:
        i) Place the cursor where you wish to add data. click on More items 
        in Write your letter pane. Insert Merge Field dialog box appears.
        ii) Click on the appropriate field name and click on Insert. 
        iii) After inserting all fields click on Next:Preview your letters.
  c) How do you print the letters for all recipients.
 Ans: To print the letters for all recipients:
        i) Click on Print in the Mail merge pane. Merge to printer dialog box 
        appears.
        ii) Choose All to print all letters.
        
        
