1. Fill in the blanks.
  a) SmartArt
  b) quick table
  c) bullets
  d) grid lines
  e) linking and embedding
2. Choose the correct answer.
  a) iii) insert
  b) iii) SmartArt
  c) i) Drawing
  d) iii) SmartArt
  e) iv) All of these (Wrongly written in book as None of these. Students are requested to correct 'None' to 'All')
3. State true or false
  a) T
  b) F
  c) T
  d) F
  e) T
4. Answer the following questions in brief.
  a) Can we change the row height in a table? If yes, how?
 Ans: Yes, we can change the row height in a table.
    To change the row height of a table we first select the whole table and click layout tab. There under cell size group we can set the value for height which will set row height.
  b) Write the steps to merge cells in a table.
 Ans: To merge cells in a table we follow the following steps:
        i) select the adjoining cells to be merged.
        ii) go to layout tab.
        iii) under under Merge group click the Merge Cells button.
        iv) the cells will be merged.
  c) How do you split cells in a table?
 Ans: To split cells in a table we follow the following steps:
        i) select the  cell to be split.
        ii) go to layout tab.
        iii) under under Merge group click the Split Cells button.
        iv) Split cells dialog box will appear.
        v) provide the number of rows and columns and click ok.
        vi) the cel will be split.
  d) How can you see the cell boundaries on a table if the cells have no borders?
 Ans: We can see the cell boundaries of a table if the cells have no borders by going to layout tab and clicking View Gridlines under Table group.
  e) Write the steps to delete a column from the table.
 Ans: To delete a column from the table we follow the following steps:
        i) select the column to be deleted.
        ii) go to layout tab.
        iii) under under Rows & Columns group click the Delete button. A drop down menu appears.
        iv) Select Delete columns.
        v) the column will be deleted. 
5. Answer the following questions in detail.
  a) Explain the usage of a table in MS Word.
 Ans: A table helps to present data in row and column format. It is good and simple way to represent both text and numerical data.
  b) Write the steps to insert a row in an existing table.
 Ans: To insert a row in an existing table we follow the following steps:
        i) select the row below which you want to insert another row.
        ii) go to layout tab.
        iii) under under Rows & Columns group click the Insert Below button.
        iv) the row will be added. 
  c) Write the steps to insert a table with 10 rows and 5 columns using the Table menu.
 Ans: To insert a table with 10 rows and 5 columns using the Table menu we follow the following steps:
        i) move the cursor to the place where you want to insert a table.
        ii) go to insert tab.
        iii) under under Tables group click Table button. A drop down menu appears.
        iv) click Insert table.
        v) Insert table dialog box appears. set the values for row and column as 10 and 5.
        vi) click ok. The table is created.
  d) Write the steps to remove the borders of a table.
 Ans: To remove the borders of a table we follow the following steps:
        i) select the table from which you want to remove border.
        ii) go to Design tab.
        iii) under under Table Styles group click the Border Drop-down arrow.
        iv) select No Border.
        v) The border is removed.
  e) Write the steps to align text in a table.
 Ans: To align text in a table we follow the following steps:
        i) select all the cells of the table.
        ii) go to Home tab.
        iii) under under Paragraph group choose the alignment type.
